---
layout: single
title:  "Swift Heroes 2019"
date:   2022-01-04 13:29:32 +0100
collection: speaking
tags: reactive combine video
excerpt: Wrapping things with Combine
header: 
    teaser: /assets/images/stefano_mondino_sh2019.jpg
#     image: /assets/images/main_header.jpeg
---

In 2019 we got back for a second Swift Heroes edition in a way more bigger venue.

Earlier before the Swift dev world wash *shocked* by WWDC big news when Apple introduced SwiftUI and Combine into the pitch.

I was also thrilled to have Shai Mishali (the lead maintainer of RxSwift) in our speaker lineup, so I thought that the Combine topic was way more than covered, and I could dedicate myself to some more "light" or as well "battle tested" topic.
Imagine my face when Shai decided to present [a completely different topic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFyx7EtbcMU) :D 

We had different talks about Swift UI and nothing about Combine, so I decided to step in trying to do my best to cover it.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/stefano_mondino_sh2019.jpg" alt="looking smooth at SH 2019" caption="photo credits: Swift Heroes (2019)" %}


From a speaker point of view, the talk went way better than the year before: more fluent, more confident, no stage fear or panic attacks. I didn't enjoy the topic myself very much, but got good feedback from the audience (and from Shai himself <3). Unfortunately, no internet connection was available in that underground venue, so I had to skip my code demo and had nothing to show at the end of the talk, which was a pity. But this was another big step for me for my self-confidence.

Demo repository can be found on [my Github](https://github.com/stefanomondino/SwiftHeroes2019LiveDemo)

## Wrapping things with Combine

{% include video id="yJV4rMAStwA" provider="youtube" %}
